#The Foundation Value Receipt Model & Distribution:
###Recognizing Those Who Got Us Here with the Foundation token

The EOS Foundation will recognize the talented individuals that contributed in so many ways to making the EOS blockchain what it is today. Via a non-transferable governance token, the Foundation will empower members to source and distribute resources for the enhancement of the EOS blockchain and ecosystem. Below we discuss the intentions and proposed mechanics of EOS Foundation.

##Recognizing Those Who Got Us Here
While EOSIO was built by Block.One, the EOS blockchain was launched by hundreds of distributed individuals and organizations around the world. With unique motivations, this group banded together in June of 2018 to launch what would become one of the most valuable blockchain platforms to date. Since then, countless contributions have been made in the name of making the EOS blockchain more valuable for all, and only a fraction of those have been rewarded or even recognized.

The EOS Foundation will proudly shine a light on these talented people via the Foundation token so that the EOS community can come to know who is helping EOS succeed, and so that community members may feel acknowledged and motivated to support the ecosystem in various and important ways. While tokens will also be for sale, and these capital contributions critical to development and thus recognized, each week the EOS Foundation will publish a handful of contributors that should be honored for their accomplishments in helping any corner of the EOS ecosystem thrive. In appreciation of their hard work, honorees will receive tokens and become members in good standing of the EOS Foundation. Once the EOS Foundation is fully activated, it will begin collecting donations and proposals, and allowing members to vote on the prioritization and distribution of resources towards various activities. It is fitting that those who have contributed time, energy and talents in the past, will be able to participate in this community effort alongside those contributing capital in the present. All types of contribution are critical for the success of EOS.

The (interim) EOS Foundation Steering Committee has been compiling an extensive list of individuals and organizations to recognize, and is asking the community for further nominations. Be sure to submit your potential honorees, including yourself, using this web application.
